README.md, before:

![](Logo/header.png)
#### Reactive extensions to Cocoa frameworks, built on top of [ReactiveSwift][].

[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](#carthage) [![CocoaPods compatible](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/ReactiveCocoa.svg)](#cocoapods) [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa.svg)](https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa/releases) ![Swift 3.0.x](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-3.0.x-orange.svg) ![platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-iOS%20%7C%20OS%20X%20%7C%20watchOS%20%7C%20tvOS%20-lightgrey.svg)

⚠️ [Looking for the Objective-C API?][] ⚠️ [Still using Swift 2.x?][]

🎉 [Migrating from RAC 4.x?][CHANGELOG]

🚄 [Release Roadmap](#release-roadmap)

## What is ReactiveSwift?
__ReactiveSwift__ offers composable, declarative and flexible primitives that are built around the grand concept of ___streams of values over time___. These primitives can be used to uniformly represent common Cocoa and generic programming patterns that are fundamentally an act of observation.

For more information about the core primitives, see [ReactiveSwift][].

## What is ReactiveCocoa?

__ReactiveCocoa__ wraps various aspects of Cocoa frameworks with the declarative [ReactiveSwift][] primitives.

1. **UI Bindings**

	UI components exposes [`BindingTarget`][]s, which accept bindings from any
	kind of streams of values via the `<~` operator.

	```swift
	// Bind the `name` property of `person` to the text value of an `UILabel`.
	nameLabel.reactive.text <~ person.name
	```

1. **Controls and User Interactions**

	Interactive UI components expose [`Signal`][]s for control events
	and updates in the control value upon user interactions.
	
	A selected set of controls provide a convenience, expressive binding
	API for [`Action`][]s.
	
	
	```swift
	// Update `allowsCookies` whenever the toggle is flipped.
	preferences.allowsCookies <~ toggle.reactive.isOnValues 
	
	// Compute live character counts from the continuous stream of user initiated
	// changes in the text.
	textField.reactive.continuousTextValues.map { $0.characters.count }
	
	// Trigger `commit` whenever the button is pressed.
	button.reactive.pressed = CocoaAction(viewModel.commit)
	```
	
1. **Declarative Objective-C Dynamism**

	Create signals that are sourced by intercepting Objective-C objects,
	e.g. method call interception and object deinitialization.
	
	```swift
	// Notify after every time `viewWillAppear(_:)` is called.
	let appearing = view.reactive.trigger(for: #selector(viewWillAppear(_:)))
	
	// Observe the lifetime of `object`.
	object.reactive.lifetime.ended.observeCompleted(doCleanup)
	```

1. **Expressive, Safe Key Path Observation**

	Establish key-value observations in the form of [`SignalProducer`][]s and
	`DynamicProperty`s, and enjoy the inherited composability.
	
	```swift
	// A producer that sends the current value of `keyPath`, followed by
	// subsequent changes.
	//
	// Terminate the KVO observation if the lifetime of `self` ends.
	let producer = object.reactive.values(forKeyPath: #keyPath(key))
		.take(during: self.reactive.lifetime)
	
	// A parameterized property that represents the supplied key path of the
	// wrapped object. It holds a weak reference to the wrapped object.
	let property = DynamicProperty<String>(object: person,
	                                       keyPath: #keyPath(person.name))
	```

But there are still more to be discovered and introduced. Read our in-code documentations and release notes to
find out more.

## Getting started

ReactiveCocoa supports macOS 10.9+, iOS 8.0+, watchOS 2.0+, and tvOS 9.0+.

#### Carthage

If you use [Carthage][] to manage your dependencies, simply add
ReactiveCocoa to your `Cartfile`:

```
github "ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa" "5.0.0-alpha.5"
```

If you use Carthage to build your dependencies, make sure you have added `ReactiveCocoa.framework`, `ReactiveSwift.framework`, and `Result.framework` to the "_Linked Frameworks and Libraries_" section of your target, and have included them in your Carthage framework copying build phase.

#### CocoaPods

If you use [CocoaPods][] to manage your dependencies, simply add
ReactiveCocoa to your `Podfile`:

```
pod 'ReactiveCocoa', '5.0.0-alpha.5'
```

#### Git submodule

 1. Add the ReactiveCocoa repository as a [submodule][] of your
    application’s repository.
 1. Run `git submodule update --init --recursive` from within the ReactiveCocoa folder.
 1. Drag and drop `ReactiveCocoa.xcodeproj`,
    `Carthage/Checkouts/ReactiveSwift/ReactiveSwift.xcodeproj`, and
    `Carthage/Checkouts/Result/Result.xcodeproj` into your application’s Xcode
    project or workspace.
 1. On the “General” tab of your application target’s settings, add
    `ReactiveCocoa.framework`, `ReactiveSwift.framework`, and `Result.framework`
    to the “Embedded Binaries” section.
 1. If your application target does not contain Swift code at all, you should also
    set the `EMBEDDED_CONTENT_CONTAINS_SWIFT` build setting to “Yes”.

## Have a question?
If you need any help, please visit our [GitHub issues][] or [Stack Overflow][]. Feel free to file an issue if you do not manage to find any solution from the archives.

## Release Roadmap
**Current Stable Release:**<br />[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa.svg)](https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa/releases)

### In Development: ReactiveCocoa 5.0
It targets Swift 3.0.x and ReactiveSwift 1.0. The tentative schedule of a Gold Master release is January 2017.

A Release Candidate would be released after an important bug fix is cleared, which should happen no later than Christmas 2016.

### Plan of Record
#### ReactiveCocoa 6.0
It targets Swift 3.1.x and ReactiveSwift 2.0. The estimated schedule is Spring 2017.

Since ReactiveSwift 2.0 would contain breaking changes, the public API of ReactiveCocoa is considered breaking too.

As resilience would be enforced in Swift 4.0, it is important for us to have a clean and steady API to start with. The expectation is to **have the API reviewing to be concluded in ReactiveCocoa 6.0**, before we move on to ReactiveSwift 3.0 and Swift 4.0. Any contribution to help realising this goal is welcomed.

#### ReactiveCocoa 7.0
It targets Swift 4.0.x and ReactiveSwift 3.0. The estimated schedule is late 2017.

The release may contain breaking changes due to changes in ReactiveSwift 3.0.

ReactiveCocoa 7.0 would focus on three main goals:

1. Swift 4.0 Resilience
1. Migration to ReactiveSwift 3.0
1. Support new features introduced to AppKit, UIKit and Swift.

[ReactiveSwift]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift
[ReactiveObjC]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveObjC
[GitHub issues]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Aquestion+
[Stack Overflow]: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/reactive-cocoa
[CHANGELOG]: CHANGELOG.md
[Carthage]: https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage
[CocoaPods]: https://cocoapods.org/
[submodule]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules
[Looking for the Objective-C API?]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveObjC
[Still using Swift 2.x?]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa/tree/v4.0.0
[`Signal`]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift/blob/master/Documentation/FrameworkOverview.md#signals
[`SignalProducer`]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift/blob/master/Documentation/FrameworkOverview.md#signal-producers
[`Action`]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift/blob/master/Documentation/FrameworkOverview.md#actions
[`BindingTarget`]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift/blob/master/Documentation/FrameworkOverview.md#binding-target

Commit message:

Mention the necessary import of ReactiveSwift

README.md, after:

![](Logo/header.png)
#### Reactive extensions to Cocoa frameworks, built on top of [ReactiveSwift][].

[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](#carthage) [![CocoaPods compatible](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/ReactiveCocoa.svg)](#cocoapods) [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa.svg)](https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa/releases) ![Swift 3.0.x](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-3.0.x-orange.svg) ![platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-iOS%20%7C%20OS%20X%20%7C%20watchOS%20%7C%20tvOS%20-lightgrey.svg)

⚠️ [Looking for the Objective-C API?][] ⚠️ [Still using Swift 2.x?][]

🎉 [Migrating from RAC 4.x?][CHANGELOG]

🚄 [Release Roadmap](#release-roadmap)

## What is ReactiveSwift?
__ReactiveSwift__ offers composable, declarative and flexible primitives that are built around the grand concept of ___streams of values over time___. These primitives can be used to uniformly represent common Cocoa and generic programming patterns that are fundamentally an act of observation.

For more information about the core primitives, see [ReactiveSwift][].

## What is ReactiveCocoa?

__ReactiveCocoa__ wraps various aspects of Cocoa frameworks with the declarative [ReactiveSwift][] primitives.

1. **UI Bindings**

	UI components exposes [`BindingTarget`][]s, which accept bindings from any
	kind of streams of values via the `<~` operator.

	```swift
	// Bind the `name` property of `person` to the text value of an `UILabel`.
	nameLabel.reactive.text <~ person.name
	```

	_Note_: You'll need to import ReactiveSwift as well to make use of the `<~` operator.

1. **Controls and User Interactions**

	Interactive UI components expose [`Signal`][]s for control events
	and updates in the control value upon user interactions.
	
	A selected set of controls provide a convenience, expressive binding
	API for [`Action`][]s.
	
	
	```swift
	// Update `allowsCookies` whenever the toggle is flipped.
	preferences.allowsCookies <~ toggle.reactive.isOnValues 
	
	// Compute live character counts from the continuous stream of user initiated
	// changes in the text.
	textField.reactive.continuousTextValues.map { $0.characters.count }
	
	// Trigger `commit` whenever the button is pressed.
	button.reactive.pressed = CocoaAction(viewModel.commit)
	```
	
1. **Declarative Objective-C Dynamism**

	Create signals that are sourced by intercepting Objective-C objects,
	e.g. method call interception and object deinitialization.
	
	```swift
	// Notify after every time `viewWillAppear(_:)` is called.
	let appearing = view.reactive.trigger(for: #selector(viewWillAppear(_:)))
	
	// Observe the lifetime of `object`.
	object.reactive.lifetime.ended.observeCompleted(doCleanup)
	```

1. **Expressive, Safe Key Path Observation**

	Establish key-value observations in the form of [`SignalProducer`][]s and
	`DynamicProperty`s, and enjoy the inherited composability.
	
	```swift
	// A producer that sends the current value of `keyPath`, followed by
	// subsequent changes.
	//
	// Terminate the KVO observation if the lifetime of `self` ends.
	let producer = object.reactive.values(forKeyPath: #keyPath(key))
		.take(during: self.reactive.lifetime)
	
	// A parameterized property that represents the supplied key path of the
	// wrapped object. It holds a weak reference to the wrapped object.
	let property = DynamicProperty<String>(object: person,
	                                       keyPath: #keyPath(person.name))
	```

But there are still more to be discovered and introduced. Read our in-code documentations and release notes to
find out more.

## Getting started

ReactiveCocoa supports macOS 10.9+, iOS 8.0+, watchOS 2.0+, and tvOS 9.0+.

#### Carthage

If you use [Carthage][] to manage your dependencies, simply add
ReactiveCocoa to your `Cartfile`:

```
github "ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa" "5.0.0-alpha.5"
```

If you use Carthage to build your dependencies, make sure you have added `ReactiveCocoa.framework`, `ReactiveSwift.framework`, and `Result.framework` to the "_Linked Frameworks and Libraries_" section of your target, and have included them in your Carthage framework copying build phase.

#### CocoaPods

If you use [CocoaPods][] to manage your dependencies, simply add
ReactiveCocoa to your `Podfile`:

```
pod 'ReactiveCocoa', '5.0.0-alpha.5'
```

#### Git submodule

 1. Add the ReactiveCocoa repository as a [submodule][] of your
    application’s repository.
 1. Run `git submodule update --init --recursive` from within the ReactiveCocoa folder.
 1. Drag and drop `ReactiveCocoa.xcodeproj`,
    `Carthage/Checkouts/ReactiveSwift/ReactiveSwift.xcodeproj`, and
    `Carthage/Checkouts/Result/Result.xcodeproj` into your application’s Xcode
    project or workspace.
 1. On the “General” tab of your application target’s settings, add
    `ReactiveCocoa.framework`, `ReactiveSwift.framework`, and `Result.framework`
    to the “Embedded Binaries” section.
 1. If your application target does not contain Swift code at all, you should also
    set the `EMBEDDED_CONTENT_CONTAINS_SWIFT` build setting to “Yes”.

## Have a question?
If you need any help, please visit our [GitHub issues][] or [Stack Overflow][]. Feel free to file an issue if you do not manage to find any solution from the archives.

## Release Roadmap
**Current Stable Release:**<br />[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa.svg)](https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa/releases)

### In Development: ReactiveCocoa 5.0
It targets Swift 3.0.x and ReactiveSwift 1.0. The tentative schedule of a Gold Master release is January 2017.

A Release Candidate would be released after an important bug fix is cleared, which should happen no later than Christmas 2016.

### Plan of Record
#### ReactiveCocoa 6.0
It targets Swift 3.1.x and ReactiveSwift 2.0. The estimated schedule is Spring 2017.

Since ReactiveSwift 2.0 would contain breaking changes, the public API of ReactiveCocoa is considered breaking too.

As resilience would be enforced in Swift 4.0, it is important for us to have a clean and steady API to start with. The expectation is to **have the API reviewing to be concluded in ReactiveCocoa 6.0**, before we move on to ReactiveSwift 3.0 and Swift 4.0. Any contribution to help realising this goal is welcomed.

#### ReactiveCocoa 7.0
It targets Swift 4.0.x and ReactiveSwift 3.0. The estimated schedule is late 2017.

The release may contain breaking changes due to changes in ReactiveSwift 3.0.

ReactiveCocoa 7.0 would focus on three main goals:

1. Swift 4.0 Resilience
1. Migration to ReactiveSwift 3.0
1. Support new features introduced to AppKit, UIKit and Swift.

[ReactiveSwift]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift
[ReactiveObjC]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveObjC
[GitHub issues]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Aquestion+
[Stack Overflow]: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/reactive-cocoa
[CHANGELOG]: CHANGELOG.md
[Carthage]: https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage
[CocoaPods]: https://cocoapods.org/
[submodule]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules
[Looking for the Objective-C API?]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveObjC
[Still using Swift 2.x?]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveCocoa/tree/v4.0.0
[`Signal`]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift/blob/master/Documentation/FrameworkOverview.md#signals
[`SignalProducer`]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift/blob/master/Documentation/FrameworkOverview.md#signal-producers
[`Action`]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift/blob/master/Documentation/FrameworkOverview.md#actions
[`BindingTarget`]: https://github.com/ReactiveCocoa/ReactiveSwift/blob/master/Documentation/FrameworkOverview.md#binding-target
